.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

# Summary

Add your summary here - keep it brief, to the point, and in plain English. [For further
information about pull requests, check out the GDS
Way](https://gds-way.cloudapps.digital/standards/pull-requests.html).

# Checklists

<!--
These are do-confirm checklists; it confirms that you have DOne each item.

Outstanding actions should be completed before reviewers are assigned; if actions are
irrelevant, please try and add a comment stating why.

Incomplete pull/merge requests may be blocked until actions are resolved, or closed at
the reviewers' discretion.
-->

This pull/merge request meets the following requirements:

- [ ] code runs
- [ ] [developments are ethical][data-ethics-framework] and secure
- [ ] you have made proportionate checks that the code works correctly
- [ ] test suite passes
- [ ] developments adhere to AQA plan (see `docs/aqa/aqa_plan.md`)
- [ ] data log updated (see `docs/aqa/data_log.md`), if necessary
- [ ] assumptions, and caveats log updated (see `docs/aqa/assumptions_caveats.md`), if
  necessary
- [ ] [minimum usable documentation][agilemodeling] written in the `docs` folder

Comments have been added below around the incomplete checks.

[agilemodeling]: http://agilemodeling.com/essays/documentLate.htm
[data-ethics-framework]: https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/data-ethics-framework

Commit message:

Add requirements to pull request template following workshop

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

# Summary

Add your summary here - keep it brief, to the point, and in plain English. [For further
information about pull requests, check out the GDS
Way](https://gds-way.cloudapps.digital/standards/pull-requests.html).

# Checklists

<!--
These are do-confirm checklists; it confirms that you have DOne each item.

Outstanding actions should be completed before reviewers are assigned; if actions are
irrelevant, please try and add a comment stating why.

Incomplete pull/merge requests may be blocked until actions are resolved, or closed at
the reviewers' discretion.
-->

This pull/merge request meets the following requirements:

- [ ] code is installable with all dependencies recorded
- [ ] code runs
- [ ] PEP8 followed
- [ ] uses conventions from the specification as appropriate
- [ ] sensible names
- [ ] appropriate use of comments, for example no descriptive comments
- [ ] peer reviewed
- [ ] changelog updated
- [ ] functions documented using Numpy style docstings
- [ ] unit tests have been updated to cover essential functionality for a reasonable range of inputs and conditions
- [ ] other forms of testing such as end-to-end and user-interface testing have been considered and updated as required
- [ ] tests suite passes (locally as a minimum)

If some of these conditions do not apply for this pull request, please add a comment to explain why.








- [ ] code runs
- [ ] [developments are ethical][data-ethics-framework] and secure
- [ ] you have made proportionate checks that the code works correctly
- [ ] test suite passes
- [ ] developments adhere to AQA plan (see `docs/aqa/aqa_plan.md`)
- [ ] data log updated (see `docs/aqa/data_log.md`), if necessary
- [ ] assumptions, and caveats log updated (see `docs/aqa/assumptions_caveats.md`), if
  necessary
- [ ] [minimum usable documentation][agilemodeling] written in the `docs` folder

Comments have been added below around the incomplete checks.

[agilemodeling]: http://agilemodeling.com/essays/documentLate.htm
[data-ethics-framework]: https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/data-ethics-framework
