README.md, before:

# `monthly-business-survey-results`

Statistical Methods Library for Python Pandas methods.

```{warning}
Where this documentation refers to the root folder we mean where this README.md is
located.
```

## Getting started

To start using this project, [first make sure your system meets its
requirements](#requirements).

To be added.

### Requirements

[```Contributors have some additional requirements!```][contributing]

- Python 3.6.1+ installed
- a `.secrets` file with the [required secrets and
  credentials](#required-secrets-and-credentials)
- [load environment variables][docs-loading-environment-variables] from `.envrc`

To install the Python requirements, open your terminal and enter:

```shell
pip install .
```
or for installing in development mode:

```shell
pip install .[dev]
```

## Required secrets and credentials

To run this project, [you need a `.secrets` file with secrets/credentials as
environmental variables][docs-loading-environment-variables-secrets]. The
secrets/credentials should have the following environment variable name(s):

| Secret/credential | Environment variable name | Description                                |
|-------------------|---------------------------|--------------------------------------------|
| Secret 1          | `SECRET_VARIABLE_1`       | Plain English description of Secret 1.     |
| Credential 1      | `CREDENTIAL_VARIABLE_1`   | Plain English description of Credential 1. |

Once you've added, [load these environment variables using
`.envrc`][docs-loading-environment-variables].

## Licence

Unless stated otherwise, the codebase is released under the MIT License. This covers
both the codebase and any sample code in the documentation. The documentation is ©
Crown copyright and available under the terms of the Open Government 3.0 licence.

## Contributing

[If you want to help us build, and improve `monthly-business-survey-results`, view our
contributing guidelines][contributing].

## Acknowledgements

[This project structure is based on the `govcookiecutter` template
project][govcookiecutter].

[contributing]: ./docs/contributor_guide/CONTRIBUTING.md
[govcookiecutter]: https://github.com/best-practice-and-impact/govcookiecutter
[docs-loading-environment-variables]: ./docs/user_guide/loading_environment_variables.md
[docs-loading-environment-variables-secrets]: ./docs/user_guide/loading_environment_variables.md#storing-secrets-and-credentials

Commit message:

Add instructions for running the pipeline in README.md

README.md, after:

# `monthly-business-survey-results`

Statistical Methods Library for Python Pandas methods.

```{warning}
Where this documentation refers to the root folder we mean where this README.md is
located.
```

## Getting started

To start using this project, [first make sure your system meets its
requirements](#requirements).

To be added.

### Requirements

[```Contributors have some additional requirements!```][contributing]

- Python 3.6.1+ installed
- a `.secrets` file with the [required secrets and
  credentials](#required-secrets-and-credentials)
- [load environment variables][docs-loading-environment-variables] from `.envrc`

To install the Python requirements, open your terminal and enter:

```shell
pip install .
```
or for installing in development mode:

```shell
pip install .[dev]
```

### Running the pipeline

Once the module has been installed copy over the config and main script by running

```shell
setup_mbs
```
Following this you can either run the main.py script, or use the command line argument

```shell
run_mbs_main
```
To run the main mbs pipeline. This will load the local config you copied over, so
populate this with the required filepaths.

## Required secrets and credentials

To run this project, [you need a `.secrets` file with secrets/credentials as
environmental variables][docs-loading-environment-variables-secrets]. The
secrets/credentials should have the following environment variable name(s):

| Secret/credential | Environment variable name | Description                                |
|-------------------|---------------------------|--------------------------------------------|
| Secret 1          | `SECRET_VARIABLE_1`       | Plain English description of Secret 1.     |
| Credential 1      | `CREDENTIAL_VARIABLE_1`   | Plain English description of Credential 1. |

Once you've added, [load these environment variables using
`.envrc`][docs-loading-environment-variables].

## Licence

Unless stated otherwise, the codebase is released under the MIT License. This covers
both the codebase and any sample code in the documentation. The documentation is ©
Crown copyright and available under the terms of the Open Government 3.0 licence.

## Contributing

[If you want to help us build, and improve `monthly-business-survey-results`, view our
contributing guidelines][contributing].

## Acknowledgements

[This project structure is based on the `govcookiecutter` template
project][govcookiecutter].

[contributing]: ./docs/contributor_guide/CONTRIBUTING.md
[govcookiecutter]: https://github.com/best-practice-and-impact/govcookiecutter
[docs-loading-environment-variables]: ./docs/user_guide/loading_environment_variables.md
[docs-loading-environment-variables-secrets]: ./docs/user_guide/loading_environment_variables.md#storing-secrets-and-credentials
